[QA] fixing outputs (#4341)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/azure/advanced/new/index.md

    export CLUSTER_NAME=azure-example
    ```

## Tips and Tricks 

(Optional)  To create a cluster name that is unique, use the following command:

```bash
export CLUSTER_NAME=azure-example-$(LC_CTYPE=C tr -dc 'a-z0-9' </dev/urandom | fold -w 5 | head -n1)
echo $CLUSTER_NAME
```
```sh
azure-example-pf4a3
```

> This will create a unique name every time you run it, so use it with forethought.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a unique name every time you run it, so use it with forethought.
```
